Optimization problem in graph theory
Nodes are connected by direct edges, where the weight of the edges are indictive of the distance between the nodes.
The traveling salesman problem is a classic optimization problem in graph theory that was first introduced in 1930, where it quickly became one of the most studied problems in its field. The traveling salesman problem is also part of the P vs NP problem from the Millennium Prize Problems, which is a series of 7 unsolved math problems designated by the Clay Mathematics Institute.  
The problem is to find the path with the least weight starting from the initial node, traveling to all other possible nodes without repeating, and then looping back to the starting node. The tricky part of this question is that as more nodes are added, the amount of solutions grows exponentially, causing the time to find the most optimal solution to also increase by the same proportion.
There are many methods to try and solve this problem, the most basic one being to brute force it. Obviously, this is not in anyway an optimized solution. In brute forcing, there is a starting node which will lead to another node, since all nodes have to be passed through and no nodes can be repeated, there are (n-1)! ways to connect these nodes, however, that is hardly the case, this equation counts for ALL possible paths, but we can see that for each path, the reverse order is also the same weight, causing the amount of valid paths to be (n-1)!/2 instead. with this in mind, given only 20 nodes, we will have a total of 60,822,550,204,416 possible paths.
This would not be close to real life applications as we would likely surpass 20 node difficulty problems, if we were to try and optimize the New York City's subway system that has 472 stops, there would be no way in the existence of humanity would we be able to find the most optimal solution using this method. 

Hello everyone! 👋 I am actively seeking a summer position in the dynamic world of software engineering and would be incredibly grateful for your support. 🚀 Take a moment to explore my LinkedIn profile, where you'll find details about my experience and skills. Any connections, advice, or opportunities you can offer are highly valued. Thank you in advance for your help! 🌟 [#OpenToWork](https://www.linkedin.com/feed/hashtag/?keywords=opentowork&highlightedUpdateUrns=urn%3Ali%3Aactivity%3A7125968001253732353) [#SoftwareEngineer](https://www.linkedin.com/feed/hashtag/?keywords=softwareengineer&highlightedUpdateUrns=urn%3Ali%3Aactivity%3A7125968001253732353) [#JobSeeker](https://www.linkedin.com/feed/hashtag/?keywords=jobseeker&highlightedUpdateUrns=urn%3Ali%3Aactivity%3A7125968001253732353)